Update docs for Agent v3.48.0 (#2196)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3.md

>🛠 Experimental feature
> To use the job API, set <code>experiment="job-api"</code> in your <a href="/docs/agent/v3/configuration#experiment"> agent configuration</a>.

### Agent API

Like the Job API experiment, this exposes a (separate) local API for interacting with the agent process.
The Agent API offers these endpoints:

- `GET /api/leader/v0/ping` - Returns a JSON object with the current time (useful for testing the agent is alive).
- `GET /api/leader/v0/lock?key=<key>` - Returns a JSON object containing the current state of a lock.
- `PATCH /api/leader/v0/lock?key=<key>` - Accepts a JSON object with old and new states for a lock. The lock is then updated atomically, and a JSON object describing whether the operation proceeded is returned.

The API is exposed using a Unix Domain Socket. Unlike the `job-api`, the path to the socket is not available through a environment variable—rather, there is a single (configurable) path on the system.

>🛠 Experimental feature
> To use the agent API, set <code>experiment="agent-api"</code> in your <a href="/docs/agent/v3/configuration#experiment"> agent configuration</a>.

> 

Reviewer: Markdown style: Unnecessary blank line.

```suggestion
```

## Promoted experiments

The following features started as experiments before being promoted to fully supported features.

### Flock file locks

Changes the file lock implementation from `github.com/nightlyone/lockfile` to `github.com/gofrs/flock` to address an issue where file locks are never released by agents that don't shut down cleanly. The new file locks are implemented at the kernel level, and are aware of when their parent process dies.

Promoted in [v3.48.0](https://github.com/buildkite/agent/releases/tag/v3.48.0). It's the default behavior, so there's no configuration required to use it. Because the old and new lock systems do not interact, we *strongly* recommend not running different versions of the agent on the same host.

### ANSI timestamps

> Outputs inline ANSI timestamps for each line of log output which enables toggle-able timestamps in the Buildkite UI.

Reviewer: Minor nitpicks:

- Missing comma with "which" clause.
- "toggle-able" – I'm not sure. 😆
- Buildkite UI -> Buildkite dashboard.

```suggestion
Outputs inline ANSI timestamps for each line of log output, enabling timestamps you can toggle in the Buildkite dashboard.
```

>🛠 Experimental feature
> To use the job API, set <code>experiment="job-api"</code> in your <a href="/docs/agent/v3/configuration#experiment"> agent configuration</a>.

### Agent API

Like the Job API experiment above, this exposes a (separate) local API for interacting with the agent process.
The Agent API offers these endpoints:

- `GET /api/leader/v0/ping` - Returns a JSON object with the current time (useful for testing the agent is alive).
- `GET /api/leader/v0/lock?key=<key>` - Returns a JSON object containing the current state of a lock.

> - `PATCH /api/leader/v0/lock?key=<key>` - Accepts a JSON object with old and new states for a lock. The lock is then updated atomically, and a JSON object describing whether the operation proceeded is returned

Reviewer: Add period for consistency.

```suggestion
- `PATCH /api/leader/v0/lock?key=<key>` - Accepts a JSON object with old and new states for a lock. The lock is then updated atomically, and a JSON object describing whether the operation proceeded is returned.
```

> The API is exposed via a Unix Domain Socket. Unlike the `job-api`, the path to the socket is not available via a environment variable - rather, there is a single (configurable) path on the system.

Reviewer: "via" can be too ambiguous, so it's good to avoid it when possible. Also, use an em dash without spaces rather than a plain dash when breaking up a sentence.

```suggestion
The API is exposed using a Unix Domain Socket. Unlike the `job-api`, the path to the socket is not available through a environment variable—rather, there is a single (configurable) path on the system.
```

>🛠 Experimental feature
> To use the agent API, set <code>experiment="agent-api"</code> in your <a href="/docs/agent/v3/configuration#experiment"> agent configuration</a>.

## Promoted experiments

> We've recently promoted some experiments into full features.

Reviewer: This triggered a couple of things for me:

- Time words like "recently" are tricky in docs so it's good to avoid them.
- This feels like changelog information rather than docs.

BUT, it seems like useful information. Is there anywhere else it could go? Or perhaps just a different heading that doesn't tie it to a time?

Reviewer: Actually, mentioning the relevant versions like you have, helps. Have we gone through this lifecycle with other experiments? If so, how did they get handled?

Author: Good question. I thought this might be the first time we've actually "completed" experiments. But it turns out that there is at least one completed experiment present in this file - `output-redactor` (Redacted variables) was de-experimented in mid 2021 (see https://github.com/buildkite/agent/pull/1452). 

Past experiments feels like important documentation to have ("why is my agent printing 'The ansi-timestamps experiment has been promoted...'?") and this seemed like the right page to put it. Perhaps it should be a subsection of "Experimental features"?

Reviewer: I've left a suggestion for handling this in #2240. Let me know what you think there.

### Git mirrors

Maintain a single bare git mirror for each repository on a host that is shared amongst multiple agents and pipelines. Checkouts reference the git mirror using `git clone --reference`, as do submodules.

>🎓 Promoted experiment
>

> > Git mirrors became a default feature in Agent v3.47.0. It can be used by setting the `--git-mirrors-path` flag.

Reviewer 2: i'm not sure `default` is necessarily the right word here; it's not on by default, it's just not experimental anymore. maybe 
```suggestion
> Git mirrors became a full feature in Agent v3.47.0. It can be used by setting the `--git-mirrors-path` flag.
```

is good enough?

Author: Good point! Thanks
